NOTES for UCSD p-system Pascal:

The University of California, San Diego has made the source code for the UCSD p-system version 1.5 available as a "free download" for non-commerical use.  Thus, to the extent that (and if) the licensing terms granted by the Univerity of California also apply to derivative works; then those terms will also apply to any subsequent port of UCSD p-system pascal to any relevant platform or architecture.  The user is therefore cautioned, so as to determine whether that users intended use of ANY derivative work therefrom is within the scope of the terms offered by the University of California.

This project is under development and is being updated regularly. I have been converting the original Pascal Source to C++ for eventual use on Arduino and/or Propeller microcontrollers, and/or providing an update for use with Apple II/Altair/Commodore 64 era systems, i.e., that will actually run on THAT hardware and not require a 200 megabyte download.  As of 8-14-2022 the compiler is substantially complete but there are still LOTS OF BUGS! In other words, you can't quite compile and run "hello world" quite yet, but "real soon now" you should be albe to not only compile and run "hellow world", but you should also be able to re-compile the original UCSD pascal sources, including the Pascal Compiler.

EVENTUALLY there will be a working compiler that might (for example) in addition to generating P-code for the UCSD p-system it might also convert Pascal programs for use with the built-in FORTH interpreter that runs native on the Parallax Propeller P2. Stay tuned.  
